---
title: Bugmark in Outreachy :Hello World
layout: page
published: ture
category: [misc]
---

This is a blog post from for our summer intern Sneha's experiences, musings and tinkering as an Outreachy intern for Mozilla with Bugmark, in the summer of 2018.
If you’re interested, read on.

<!--more-->

<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mermaid/7.0.0/mermaid.min.css">



# What is Outreachy?

Outreachy is a three month long bi-annual internship for under represented groups in technology and software.


I was selected as an Outreachy intern for Mozilla on April 23, 2018. Yes, that was every bit exhilarating.
*does a happy dance*

I will be interning in May — August, 2018. The project I will be working on, is Bugmark — a way to incentivise fixes in open source software development.

More, about my project:
Bugmark is an open source software application, based on Blockchain market platform being built to conduct research into the use of Incentive Algorithms and Prediction Markets as tooling for community managed software vulnerabilities and issues. It connects project managers and investors to developers who want to build better solutions.


While contributing to Bugmark, not only did I get to know about and learn new tech, I also got an awesome introduction and insight into the futures trade market. To see the ideas getting implemented in real world applications, was awe-inspring.


I love the project, for this very reason. Building something from scratch, is more challenging- it needs an intense involvement, and a fresh, wider perspective.
I am still new to open source and the application process was a different experience.

During my application period, contributing to Bugmark appeared to be daunting initially, but my mentors, Susy and Andy, were extremely encouraging and helped me learn a lot. I didn’t imagine I would be so comfortable with and look up to strangers across the globe, in a month’s time!

This is a summer I’ve been waiting for.


Gosh. I’m excited!
Ciao,
Stay tuned for my summer adventures in the Open Source world.

<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mermaid/7.0.0/mermaid.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=TeX-AMS-MML_HTMLorMML"></script>
